what is up guys my name is call and you
may remember from my previous video I
was talking about the black ops 2 poster
that was supposedly leaked by a game
retailer and basically Activision has
sent all these marketing prop things
whatever you want to call them they're
just marketing stuff that they've sent
to these game retailers and I believe
gamestop all gamestop stores have
received them so if you go to your local
gamestop store I'm sure you'll see them
now indoors you can see one of these
stands they also have little disc cover
things at the bottom and also they do
the Box ones as you can see on the right
and they all got the same day 05 02 12
return for debriefing there's been
rumors about it being called eclipse now
this is because an image as you can see
there on the Left says Eclipse multi and
the multi-part just means multi-platform
I believe and the clips I'm not too sure
if it's a code name so people are going
to start calling it eclipse or black ops
2 but let's just go for both of them for
now and on the right just a closer
version so yeah lots of gamestop
employees have been tweeting sending
them to gain blogs such as Charlie intel
com and you know they're just sending
them so you should be able to see them I
don't know about other stores but
hopefully they'll have some as well it's
just a quick update on these black ops 2
images call of duty Eclipse images
marketing stuff that have that
Activision have sent and also is to got
the trout logo so we know it's developed
by treyarch so yeah it's already looking
good and the trailer is coming on the
second of May so more information as the
trailer comes out alright which is guys
bye